Document scene unique nodes (#5831)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/scene_unique_nodes.rst

.. _doc_scene_unique_nodes:

Scene Unique Nodes
==================

Introduction
------------

> There are times in a project where a node needs to be called
> from a script, however it's position in the tree might change
> over time as adjustments are made to a scene, such as a
> button in a UI scene.
> 
> In situations like this a node can be turned into a scene
> unique node to avoid updating a script multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are times in a project where a node needs to be called
from a script. However, its position in the tree might change
over time as adjustments are made to a scene, such as a
button in a UI scene.

In situations like this, a node can be turned into a scene
unique node to avoid updating a script multiple times.
```

Creating and using them
-----------------------

> In the scene tree of a project right click on a node and
> from the dropdown menu select "Access as Scene Unique Name".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Scene tree dock, right-click on a node and select
**Access as Scene Unique Name** in the context menu.
```

.. image:: img/unique_name.png

> After checking this the node will now have a **%** next to its
> name in the scene tree

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After checking this, the node will now have a percent symbol (**%**) next
to its name in the scene tree:
```

.. image:: img/percent.png

> To use a unique node in a script use the `%` symbol and the nodes
> name in the path for `get_node`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a unique node in a script, use the `%` symbol and the node's
name in the path for `get_node()`. For example:
```
